### Question
For COVID+ hospitalized patients with history of hypertension, what is the mortality rate of five user groups: (1) any ACE inhibitor, no ARB; (2) Any ARB, no ACE inhibitor; (3) Both ACE inhibitor and ARB; (4) Any other hypertensive medication, no Ace inhibitor, no ARB; (5) No hypertensive medication?

### Reworded Question
Among adults hospitalized with COVID-19 and a history of hypertension, what is the mortality rate of four user groups: (1) any ACE inhibitor, no ARB; (2) Any ARB, no ACE inhibitor; (3) Any other hypertensive medication, no Ace inhibitor, no ARB; (4) No hypertensive medication?

### Request
| Requestor name | Requestor Institution| Request date | Requestor email        |
|----------------|----------------------|--------------|------------------------|
|      | UC San Diego         | 6/18/2020    |  |


### Concept Set
  * [Hypertensive disorder] (http://atlas-covid19.ohdsi.org/#/conceptset/550/details)
  * [ACE-I] (http://atlas-covid19.ohdsi.org/#/conceptset/428/details)
  * [ARB] (http://atlas-covid19.ohdsi.org/#/conceptset/432/details)
  * [All hypertensive medications] (http://atlas-covid19.ohdsi.org/#/conceptset/200/details)


### SQL Code
Description about the [template SQL](sql/template_query.sql) using the [concepts] generated by Site02.


### Results
To the [results] directory, please upload .csv file of 400 rows and 11 columns in the following format with a header (one .csv file per institution named as SiteXX_results.csv)
  * Column 1: **Institution**,Site number in the format of (Site01, Site02, ... , Site12)
  * Column 2: **Covariante_name**, with permissible values {'Age_Range', 'Gender', 'Race', 'Ethnicity'}
  * Column 3: **Covariate_value**
  * Column 4: **Exposure_name**, with a permissible value {'none'}
  * Column 5: **Exposure_value**, with a permissible value {'none'}
  * Column 6: **Outcome_name**, with a permissible value {'Hospital_Mortality'}
  * Column 7: **Outcome_value**, permissible values {'deceased_during_hospitalization', 'discharged_alive'}
  * Column 8: **EncounterCount**, Number of hospitalization encounters
  * Column 9: **PatientCount**, Number of unique patients
  * Column 10: **QueryVersion**
  * Column 11: **Query_Execution_Date**

The two columns, **Exposure_name** and **Exposure_value**, were kept in the results format in this question, even though there is no exposure variable. This is for efficiency in code reusability and data QC.


Please include all permissible values defined in [the template result] even when the patient count is zero (e.g. using left join). The same number of rows is expected in every result file. This would expedite the processes of data QC and aggregation across institutions.


### Other info
  * OMOP CDM [version 5.3](https://github.com/OHDSI/CommonDataModel/releases/tag/v5.3.0)
