### Question
What is the outcome, death, by subgroup (age, ethnicity, gender, and race) among the hospitalized patients related to COVID-19?

### Reworded Question
Among adults hospitalized with COVID-19, how does the in-hospital mortality rate compare per subgroup (age, ethnicity, gender and race)?

### Link
https://covid19questions.org/component/content/article/32-q-a/71-among-adults-hospitalized-with-covid-19-how-does-the-in-hospital-mortality-rate-compare-per-subgroup-age-ethnicity-gender-and-race?Itemid=279

### Request
| Requestor name | Requestor Institution| Request date | Requestor email        |
|----------------|----------------------|--------------|------------------------|
|    | UCLA                 | 5/28/2020    |   |

### SQL Code
Description about the [SQL](sql/template_query.sql) using the stored procedure [template_sp_identify_hospitalization_encounters.sql](https://github.com/DBMI/R2D2-Public/blob/master/Question_0000/sql/template_sp_identify_hospitalization_encounters.sql) generated by Site10.

### Results
To the [results] directory, please upload .csv file of 81 rows and 11 columns in the following format with a header (one .csv file per institution named as SiteXX_results.csv)
  * Column 1: **Institution**,Site number in the format of (Site01, Site02, ... , Site12)
  * Column 2: **Covariante_name**, with permissible values {'Age_Range', 'Gender', 'Race', 'Ethnicity'}
  * Column 3: **Covariate_value**
  * Column 4: **Exposure_name**, with a permissible value {'none'}
  * Column 5: **Exposure_value**, with a permissible value {'none'}
  * Column 6: **Outcome_name**, with a permissible value {'Hospital_Mortality'}
  * Column 7: **Outcome_value**, permissible values {'deceased_during_hospitalization', 'discharged_alive'}
  * Column 8: **EncounterCount**, Number of hospitalization encounters
  * Column 9: **PatientCount**, Number of unique patients
  * Column 10: **QueryVersion**
  * Column 11: **Query_Execution_Date**

The two columns, **Exposure_name** and **Exposure_value**, were kept in the results format in this question, even though there is no exposure variable. This is for efficiency in code reusability and data QC.


Please include all permissible values defined in [the template result] even when the patient count is zero (e.g. using left join). The same number of rows is expected in every result file. This would expedite the processes of data QC and aggregation across institutions.

### Other info
  * OMOP CDM [version 5.3](https://github.com/OHDSI/CommonDataModel/releases/tag/v5.3.1)
